Redirect cookbook (#2114)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/clickhouse/howto/manage-users-roles.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can also see the users, their roles, and permissions in the  `Aiven web console <https://console.aiven.io/>`_. Go to your service page, and select **Users and roles** from the sidebar. Next to every user listed, there is a **View details & grants** button, which shows you a list of all grants for that user.

Manage using Terraform

> --------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
------------------------
```

> You can also manage user roles and access using the `Aiven Terraform Provider</docs/tools/terraform>`. See `The Aiven Terraform Provider Cookbook recipe: Manage user privileges for Aiven for Clickhouse® services using Terraform"<https://aiven.io/developer/manage-user-privileges-clickhouse-terraform>` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manage user roles and access using the `Aiven Provider for Terraform </docs/tools/terraform>`. Try the Aiven Terraform Provider Cookbook recipe, Manage user privileges for Aiven for Clickhouse® services using Terraform<https://aiven.io/developer/manage-user-privileges-clickhouse-terraform>`.
```
